right here I've got a p22 auto-update
the auto optics pad for you
you're b22 landmark ID lemma P 1 1 1 0 2
6 5 6 P 2 1 1 0 3 2 0 6 3 miles south
time of closest approach 1 1 0 3 3 4 0
sh f 3 5 3 decimal 8 5 5 Klingon for 6
decimal four Niner five roll 0 pitch 2 5
0 y 0 over
are you still it's very interesting to
note that when I kick my foot they
believe in both of them map out the same
angle of departure and velocity
trajectory upward
you're buzzed and break break Columbia
this is Houston when you track out of
high gain antenna limits request Omni
Delta Omni delve over
I've noticed several times been going
from the sunlight in the shadow that
distance I go in I catch an additional
hour reflection off the lamp along with
the reflection off my face on to the
visor makes its sylheti very poor that
the so much glare coming onto my visor
that oh Allah no might actually get
battle and then it takes a short while
but my eyes do it that sort of footprint
we have and then after being at my son
like ah hell it takes you're on a cable
okay yeah leg up your right foot right
foot it's still your toes though hooked
on that one yeah it still looked in it
okay okay here clear now
Neil Armstrong has the scoop for the
bulk sample collection